911: 9-1-1- emergency.
NURSE: Hello, this is [redacted] at Life Care Center of Kirkland. I'm calling because I have a patient who was displaying respiratory symptoms.
911: OK, and is the patient awake right
now?
NURSE: He is.
911: OK. How old is he?
NURSE: He is--- birthdate is [redacted] '45. His age of 74.
911: OK, and you said that's respiratory issues he's been having?
NURSE: Yeah. I can give you more detail if you want.
911: Yes, please.
NURSE: Experiencing shortness of breath, O2 sats 85% on three liters, I just turned him up to 3.5 liters and his temperature is 97.5, heart rate 138, I called the doctor and she wanted to send him out.
911: Yeah, absolutely, and has he had-- I apologize, has he had a fever recently? You may have said the temperature and I missed it.
NURSE: Temperature 97.5, so no fever.
911: Okay. And has he had any exposure recently to people who have traveled outside of the country?
NURSE: He is at Life Care Center of Kirkland, so.
911: Understood.
NURSE: So this is-- we've had a couple coronavirus cases.
911: OK. OK, so I've got them notified for you. Can I just grab your name?
NURSE: Yeah, it's [redacted].
911: And I'm showing the phone number
ending in 2, 3, 2, 3. Is that the best phone number for you?
NURSE: You know, I'm not sure, actually, because we've been bombarded by media recently, so I'm not sure if-- I'm not sure if that number is the best number, so I can give you an alternative.
911: Ok, perfect.
NURSE: Yeah, just I mean, use that one as the primary, but if you can't get through [redacted].
911: OK, I'll go ahead and let them know that's an alternate number. I do have them notified, if you can just keep an eye on him if anything changes or worsens in the meantime, go ahead and give us a call back, OK?
NURSE: Will do.
911: All right. Thanks so much. Bye bye.
NURSE: Thank you. Bye bye.
[911 dispatcher phone calling Life Care Center]
LCC: Life Care, this is [redacted].
911: Hi, [redacted], this is 9-1-1, someone just called there for a 74 year old male that short of breath, um, just wanted to make sure that he was being moved outside?
LCC: Oh, I'll go talk to him.
911: OK, do you know what room they were in?
LCC: No, he's on the other side of the building, I'm not sure.
911: OK, all right, just let them know that they do need to do that, though, and to put a mask on him.
LCC: All right.
911: Thank you. Bye bye.